style-guide.md: write rules for short/long options (#9527)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/style-guide.md

```
- Pre-translated alias page templates can be found [here](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/translation-templates/alias-pages.md).

## Option syntax

- Use GNU-style long options (like `--help`) when they are portable (available on more than one platform TlDr has pages for:

>   `android`, `common`, `linux`, `osx`, `sunos`, `windows`). It means that for all pages in `common/` you can prefer long options

Reviewer: I think this is kind of subjective because we prefer long options on most pages except some pages on mac and when the program doesn't support it. I think it should be worded like it. What do you think @navarroaxel?

> - Use GNU-style **long options** (like `--help`) when they are portable (available on more than one platform tldr has pages for:
>   `android`, `common`, `linux`, `osx`, `sunos`, `windows`). It means that for all pages in `common/` you can prefer long options
>   when available for everything.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use GNU-style **long options** (like `--help` rather than `-h`) when they are cross-platform compatible (available on multiple platforms among `android`, `linux`, `osx`, `sunos`, `windows`). For pages in `common/`, long options are preferred when available.
```
